1.	Why are functions advantageous to have in your programs?
It reduce the need for duplicate code. This makes programs shorter, easier to read, and easier to update.
2.	When does the code in a function run: when it's specified or when it's called?
The code in a function executes when the function is called.
3.	What statement creates a function?
 def statement
4.	What is the difference between a function and a function call?
A function contain the code within def statement ( code contain a bunch of line related to some specific operations)
A function call is what moves the function into the execution state. When ever any program called a function , it return an output to the call.
5.	How many global scopes are there in a Python program? How many local scopes?
There is one global scope, and a local scope is created whenever a function is called.
6.	What happens to variables in a local scope when the function call returns?
When a function returns, the local scope is destroyed and variable been not used furthermore.
7.	What is the concept of a return value? Is it possible to have a return value in an expression?
 A return value is the value that a function provides after the execution as an output defined in function , a return value can be used as part of an expression.
8.	If a function does not have a return statement, what is the return value of a call to that function?
its return value is None
9.	How do you make a function variable refer to the global variable?
A global statement will force a variable in a function to refer to the global variable.
10.	What is the data type of None?
 data type of None is NoneType
11.	What does the sentence import areallyourpetsnamederic do?
it wil try to import the module while this is not the python module but statement is to import the module/ library
12.	If you had a bacon() feature in a spam module, what would you call it after importing spam?
can be called with spam.bacon()
13.	What can you do to save a programme from crashing if it encounters an error?
try and exception can save us in the case.
14.	What is the purpose of the try clause? What is the purpose of the except clause?
The code that could cause an error goes in the try clause.
The code that executes if an error happens goes in the except clause.

